Yeah. All right, let's start. You ready? Yeah. Well, good evening, family.
Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining us again today. Well, we'll go over some of the news and everything, but I have a lot here.
I think Braden has a lot of little articles and stuff that he's found throughout the day.
And sorry, my allergies are overcoming me a little bit tonight from all the juniper trees. The cedar trees try to get me in the early spring.
It's starting to turn into that time and the trees start to do their thing and they make my eyes water.
But I'm not crying; they're burning from the trees and the cedars.
I'll start off by just saying this: everything we say on the channel in word and indeed, we give all to the glory of God.
Everything. And we're so grateful for the things that we have seen that are coming to pass, that the Lord is protecting people.
And we prayed and we've stopped things, I believe by the hand of the Lord.
And I'm so thankful for every single one of you that have come out and prayed with us. I believe many hands make light work.
We were so excited today when the Abraham Lincoln was protected and they saw the drone, and it was everything we were praying over.
Now, would they have stopped it automatically without prayer?
I believe prayer has a big role to play in everything, in protection of them not releasing anything out of that drone or whatever.
I just think it's amazing to me whenever you see the things that you're praying over and it's the same battleship, it's the same everything, and everything falls down and they're protected.
No men and women were hurt at all. And so, we continue to pray. I don't believe it's just a one-and-done.
I believe this will be something that we need to continue to pray.
It's not like, 'Well, we had one drone fall and it's over.'No, I saw that other boat out in the water be hit on the side of it.
And then we've seen other things concerning the Iran escalation that I can't reveal publicly for protection for the people that are involved.
I want to go over that and then I want to go over the third. Today's the third.
And you know, you have people saying, 'Hey, you said a volcano was going off on the third.
You said this about the third.'No, I'll show you exactly what I said about the third. I have all the clips here.
And I want to say this: I am not a person who's going to run and hide and say, 'Well, you missed it or you got it right.'Because it's not about me.
It's not about pride. Everything that I've said is documented. So, I'm showing you what I said.
So, does it look like some of the things that I said didn't come to pass today?
Yeah, it looks like it in my opinion. I told Braden, I said it looks like I missed it.
And I'm going to be flat out with y'all. If I miss it, I apologize.
And I'm not here to try to sugarcoat it or push it under the rug and pretend I never said it. I said the third would smell like a turd.
And then, so what is it about the third and pride and the things that the Lord has showed me about President Trump having an arrogant heart?
Venezuela being attacked on the 3rd of January, and I heard tres, tres, tres.
And the Lord had us praying, interceding. It happened on the 3rd, but I specifically said February 3rd.
So, we see February 3rd and here we are today. What happened today?
There were a lot of things that happened today. There were bills signed with India for $500 billion for the oil.
President Trump says he wants to have a meeting with Cuba. Secret flights were flying into Cuba from Russia.
Old alliances were, like I've said by the spirit of God, the old alliances were being rekindled from the 1960s Cuban missile crisis.
And the Lord showed us that Russia would be flying. I saw biological things being stored in Cuba's island.
But the Lord showed us that they would be liberated soon and that their government would fall.
Now, all the things that the Lord showed us, we've been praying over for a while.
So, all of that's coming in the news today. Trump saying that they're running out of money.
They only have a couple of weeks left of money and oil because of what we did.
And we believe we can change all this. Now, Cuba says we want to have a meeting.
So I said, 'Watch them in the secret of the night that they would try to attack us.'Russia's flying in planes. There's articles about it.
And I thought, 'This is amazing.'So during this time frame about the third, going into the Olympics in three days, this is the time frame the Lord said in the two-week window there will be great decisions that President Trump will make and this will either make or break his term.
But it's up to the church to pray. How will the church intercede for President Trump concerning his life, concerning protection for his family, concerning his presidency and the speeches that he'll make, concerning the Supreme Court justices, concerning the tariffs, who he chooses for...
this is the week that he chose the new FED secretary? The money, the treasury, he picked the new guy.
There's a lot of things that have happened this week, but was it to the extent of what I was expecting?
I'm going to be flat real with y'all. No, I was expecting a lot more this week.
The third where the fragrance comes up like the smell of feces. What is it?
And I started studying what is it that would stink before the Father, and it's pride.
There were so many things that were in what Dino was helping me with of what was an abomination to the Lord that would be a fragrance because there's so many things that have a fragrance that's good and a fragrance that's bad to the Father.
And so the fragrances that are bad to the Father were pride and things like that.
Fragrances that were good were like worship and things like that, and it's all in the Bible, in the Old Testament and the New Testament.
So I want to go over what I said because, like I said, I don't brush it under the rug.
I'm very bold about it. And so people say you saw a volcano. I never saw a volcano—not this time.
I said a great shaking is coming to Italy, but it wasn't in this word. Go ahead and play it.
The number three was highlighted to me in purple and it was on a mountaintop and it was on a ski slope.
Now, I'm well aware that the Olympics start on February 6th.
But as I was praying into this, the Lord said, 'Watch February 3rd.
Pray over February 3rd.'And I saw the number three going down the mountain like it was a skier.
An alpine skier. tres. What is tres? tres. That means, I think that's in Spanish, tres.
Uno, dos, tres. Yep. tres. Number three. Yes. He said yes. tres.
Whatever this is about the three. So he's talking in Spanish.
I'm hearing in Spanish and it's concerning three. This three and he's talking about three. The number three. There's something about this three.
I see a major window for a great victory concerning Minnesota for it to flip red, for there's major victory.
The people are tired of the corruption. There's great corruption in Minnesota.
And I see the girl with the African-American. She's with that thing on her head—the squad.
I'm seeing the squad, that girl from the squad. It's concerning corruption, and I see people being...
there's something very... like people are fed up with this to replace her.
It's time for her to go. I see the bees. I see horn-like bumblebees.
Big black and yellow bumblebees are coming up around her, concerning Minnesota.
Is she even in Minnesota, son? Is that woman in Minnesota? I don't know why I'm seeing this, and she may not even be in Minnesota.
Brandon, you're missing that page. I'm telling you, you know how when you start a hive and the bees start circling you, trying to sting you, and you start running?
These bees are coming up out of the land. There are beautiful flowers and green, and the bees are coming up out of the land and circling this woman's head.
Political theater will really take off in 2026. Pray for the three judges.
February 3rd, Supreme Court. The number three is a stench to me.
Major decisions concerning Europe, etc. Praying over the globe, there's more to this you need to see.
You'll see judges on the fence concerning things to excel or derail. And He said, "Come boldly to My throne and ask Me this.
Claim it; it will come."November, through great prayer from your seat of authority.
You have a lot to lose. Don't let pride stand in the way. Distractions are to come all throughout the year, my son. And He said, "Don't let...
because Trump has pride."And He said, "Humble yourself, sir, and He will exalt you in due time."He was talking about humbling yourself because of the pride and the elections.
And then Gavin—the people are fed up. He's trying to hold his ground and have a political crown.
Then you saw Mike. I wanted to show more of what I said about the third.
I saw the three people going down an alpine slope, and still to this day, I don't understand what I was seeing concerning the three.
But the Lord said February 3rd would be a stench to me. There's something about it.
He said it will be a stench to me concerning decisions that will be made.
Whenever I had the visitation with the Lord, He said this is the Valley of Decision where what decision Trump makes in the next couple of weeks will be the make or break of his term concerning what's about to take place.
If you go back to what the Lord showed us about what would happen with the elections come November, He said they'll lose the Senate, but they'll barely maintain the House if you don't start praying now.
If you don't start praying now, you'll lose the Senate and you'll barely maintain the House.
And people said, "That's impossible, Brandon. That will never happen, Brandon."Well, this is what I saw.
Last time, the Lord showed us that we would win the Senate and the House and the presidency.
I told you exactly what states we would win, and it was accurate. But here we are today.
Now play what happened today in Texas—the first time in 30 years.
That's why I told you all, if we don't pray over our elections—this was just a state senate seat. People are ticked off about ICE and all the stuff.
This is why I'm trying to tell you all, if we don't start praying right now concerning our elections, we're not going to have a red wave.
It's already happening. People are going, "Well, we haven't had that in 30 years,"because people are ticked off.
That's Fort Worth, Texas, in a Bible Belt area where they usually are very strong red, obviously 30 years of it.
I thought it was interesting. If you don't start praying, look at what we're going to see in the next ten months.
Trump today has a trade deal with India, and Russia's upset about that.
It's trying to weaken things. But these are major deals that have happened today.
I thought the major thing was him saying he wants to have a meeting with Cuba and with Iran.
They want to have a meeting with Iran and Turkey to de-escalate this.
They didn't want us because we have our boats out there, and then they sent that drone over there.
These are the things the Lord's been talking to us about in prayer.
Bottom line is that things are rolling out. But was it what we thought about the third?
Not in my opinion. I've prayed over that since the first part of December.
As I saw that number three going down the mountain, I thought it had to do with skiers.
I still tried to figure out all the things the Lord was trying to say to us that day with the alpine skier and the number three.
The Lord said to pray over the third concerning the Supreme Court justices.
The Supreme Court justices are on break right now until the 21st.
Praying over the decisions they will make concerning the tariffs and the speech that he will make on the 24th or 25th of February in the House of Representatives, his State of the Union.
This is a major time. As we go into the Olympics, the 6th, which is Friday, would be the opening ceremony, and then praying over the Super Bowl, which is Sunday.
There's a lot of major events, big gatherings of people, and major things to pray about concerning terrorist attacks.
I told him I thought he made a little stronger clip than that.
If you feel like I missed it, then we can say we missed it and move on.
But I have a great urgency still in my spirit concerning the Valley of Decision, what he does with Iran and Cuba.
In the middle of the night, I saw the planes coming in from China delivering weapons we've never seen before—laser weapons.
It would be bad. And then I saw things concerning California and the corruption with Gavin.
Praying over this young man and praying over Benny Johnson, praying over their protection and for the uncovering of all the corruption in California, Seattle, Portland, and other states.
I believe that if we can get a lot of this darkness uncovered so that the people realize how bad the government has been over the last four years plus whenever Joe Biden was in, it will really show and shed light so that people know how to really vote concerning the election in November.
So we will continue to pray for this, continue to pray for our servicemen and women abroad on the Lincoln and the others, the Kitty Hawk—I don't know what the other ones are.
There's a lot. We have a lot of battleships over there right now. But just praying for every one of them and their safety.
You know, if your children were on there, if your husband or your wife was on there fighting, you would pray for them really hard, too.
And I'm so thankful for every one of our servicemen and women, the people who put their life in danger every single day to keep our nation free. God bless you all. I mean, I can't imagine.
I watched something Braden showed me—what the living conditions were on a battleship like that and how the bunks were all so close together it looked like coffins, and they had to take like couple-second showers.
They don't have any privacy in there, and I said, 'They live that way?'I thought, you know, that would be...
I don't know how they do it. And then they eat real fast. They're always listening to the ships—the planes taking off there, and all the planes are so loud.
They say it's hard; you have to adapt yourself to being able to sleep and everything. And I thought, they do that because they want to.
They serve our nation and they sacrifice their lives, and I'm just so grateful for every single one of them. You know what a hard job that is?
And they don't make anything compared to some jobs, and it's just amazing because they're always on call and always on duty, and they do it because they love our nation.
It is amazing. So, let's pray tonight and we'll go over—like I said—as much as what he had there, talking about where we are right now.
As I've prayed today, I continue to pray for our president's safety, I continue to pray for our elections, for Oklahoma to not be divided.
I saw the dividing of Oklahoma as far as the Democratic-Republican election here, and the Lord said, 'You can't even forget the governor's race concerning your own state.'We've always been a very dominant red state, but He said this has the opportunity to flip blue.
And I thought there is no way. He said, 'It will be a state divided, Oklahoma.'And I've prayed over that.
I brought it to the church people; I told them, 'This is what the Lord has shown me.'And it's hard for me to even swallow that because Oklahoma has been such a dominant red state.
But this would be a time—I really truly believe going into this election cycle—that we will see things that we never saw if we do not pray; things we've never seen in a long time.
We had Mary Fallin before. We had him twice. Stitt twice. So, it's been 16 years plus.
I think Brad Henry was before Mary Fallin, and he was a Democrat, I think, if I am not correct—I might be missing—but it might have been Brad Henry, but not that it matters.
But it's been over almost 20 years. So quite a while. So let's take communion and pray over things and we'll just intercede for the nations.
We'll intercede for things. And I won't keep you a long time tonight. I told Braden I'll try to keep it short.
He's trying to study for some test and he's been trying to get done with this math stuff he's been doing.
And it's all right, son. You don't have to look. Trying to figure out...
I remember I believe it was Brad Henry, not mayor. Mary. Who's governor?
Governor. Okay. Did I say mayor? Governor. Yeah. Father, we just thank You, Father, for the body.
Brad Henry. Yep. January 13, 2003. Right. Yeah. He was Democrat.
Yeah, I remember. And then after that, Mary Fallin. It has been 15 years. See, I know. Yeah, I remember.
Well, I don't know who is even running for the Republican seat now for this year.
I don't even know. That's probably something we should know. At least we can call it out and pray for it.
People say, 'Are you always voting for Republican?'Well, they have the values that I want to live by.
I don't believe you can vote Democrat—and that's going to be controversial—but I say I don't see how you can vote Democrat and say you're a Christian.
I just don't. They vote for abortion. They vote for homosexuality.
They vote for everything that I am not and will never be. So, people say, 'Why do you get political?'It's just what we do.
I try to tell you how we pray, and this is what we do on this channel, and we're going to believe God for godly people.
Now, am I saying every Republican is godly? No. But they at least swing that way.
And they like the Second Amendment, which is a big deal to me.
I'm all about the Second Amendment. I believe we have the right to bear arms.
I carry a firearm with me everywhere I go. I have one in each car.
I have one in all rooms in my house. I have firearms everywhere.
I'm just not a person to mess with. But you know what? It's all about how you're raised. I don't know.
I think different, but I know the Republicans line up with what I stand for, and I believe in the right to bear arms and I'm never going to apologize for that.
My wife feels the same way. She carries one in her purse—just the way we live.
Even teaching my little girl how to do it. But it is what it is.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for the body. We thank You, Lord, for all that You've done for us.
We're so grateful for all that You've provided. You've been so good to us, Lord.
And we thank You, Father, for the awakening of the church, that people would wake up and don't take their freedoms for granted as we see this window of opportunity.
It could just pass right by us if people don't grab a hold of it and take advantage of what You've given us.
Father, I thank You that this political theater and all that the enemy's planning is foiled in Jesus'name by Your hand.
That we will not have all these protests and riots and all this drama.
Father, that we would have peace and that You would find the people that are here illegally with ill intent toward our nation—prisoners from Venezuela, all the drug cartel, the people that are here raping and murdering people and are not sound in their mind where they need to be in some kind of institution.
Father, I thank You, Lord. I thank You, Father, that we have the right law enforcement to catch the people that are here with ill intent to bring them to justice.
Father, that we would have the people that are here that just want to work hard.
Father, I thank You that they're able to get their citizenship and all the things that they need to be able to be a legal citizen, that they don't have to be illegal and hide, but be here by what the law of the land says.
The Bible says to obey the law of the land anyway. So, Father, we just thank You that we just obey that law of the land. And Father, there's blessing behind it.
Now, I'm not saying that every law I like, Lord, but the Bible says to obey it regardless if I like it or not, because that's what we've set into motion. We thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, that there are good men and women who are enforcing the laws to protect the nation: Homeland Security, FBI, CIA, the NSA, local law enforcement, the sheriff's department, and I thank you, Father, even for the Border Patrol.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they are all protected, that you give them wisdom concerning these buildings and the people who are here.
Like I said, I saw the terrorists from all over the world coming into our nation to kill, steal, and destroy, to bring harm to our people.
And I thank you, Father, that you're bringing protection right now to expose the darkness, like it was with the laboratory today—finding out about that lab with all the biological weapons and the things that they said they found today in California—and then they had another one.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that all these things are brought to justice and that your hand is on our people so that no one will be hurt.
And Father, I thank you for the body, that we're healed and whole and well by your stripes, and that no weapon formed against us shall prosper.
A thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us. And we take the body and we lift it up before you, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon you. And with your stripes, Lord, we're healed.
And we take this body right now in Jesus'name and we thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
Lord, I take the blood and we apply the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us. We thank you, Lord, that it never loses its power.
When we confess our sins, you are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood. I apply the blood over us and over the prayer time tonight.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it is covered by the blood—all of it, from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
We thank you, Lord, for the anointing. And we yield to the anointing of the prophetic right now.
Father, I can't do this on my own. Father, I thank you, Lord, that you give me the grace and the mercy to do it every single time.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that a thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
We're covered by the blood. We're filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
And we're yielded to you, Father. We yield to the anointing. We yield to the presence of God.
And we're so grateful that every single time, Father, you just come and you visit us and you become so real.
And I pray tonight, Father, that you become real to these people that are here.
Some of them are so desperate for a relationship with you. And I ask you, Father, that you become real to them.
And that relationship flourishes and they go from glory to glory and they shake off the things of the world and they come up underneath those wings.
And Father, you said we'd be persecuted for the word's sake.
And we're so grateful, Father, that we have the opportunity tonight to say your name and say it boldly even under persecution.
And we take the blood right now in Jesus'name. And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for all what you've done for us.
Amen and amen. Father, we just give you praise and glory. Was there anything else you wanted to show?
Not really, except that we can show Japan. Snow in Japan—like 20 feet of snow or something like that.
Don't worry about that book. Let's look at the Elon thing. What did I tell you the spirit of the Lord said about Elon Musk?
He said he would get really persecuted in the days ahead in Europe, and there'll be so much coming against X and funding will dry up.
And when this happens, I saw a new Watergate scandal coming out of blackmail concerning Elon Musk and the United States government and JD Vance and our political people.
I saw blackmail coming, and everything the Lord said—He said to pray over Elon Musk and Europe.
This is what I saw: great persecution coming. But then I saw censorship coming on another level where you are not able to say stuff in Europe.
But then it would trickle through America through Facebook, Instagram, and all those fact checkers, and it would come to another level concerning 2027 and 2028.
It would get even stronger. And then I saw a new Watergate scandal coming out of all this.
Now, this happened today concerning Europe. Now, I'm not exactly sure about all this stuff about pedophilia and X and all that.
I don't look at X. I'm on X, but I'm very thankful that Braden just uploads my stuff over there.
And I told you, I believe persecution will come very strong in the days ahead on YouTube concerning censorship and what you're allowed to upload.
They said they're going to change a lot of the rules concerning YouTube in the days ahead.
Braden was telling me we got an email and they said they're going to change a lot of stuff about YouTube in March.
So, I'm curious about what that means. I knew it was coming, but I'm wondering at what level it comes at now.
So this is what was said about Elon Musk today concerning France—they raided his stuff, they broke in, and the police department of France came in and raided his stuff just like the Lord told us was coming.
Here you go. Do you have a video for it? Yeah, but I haven't cut all my tongues out of it yet.
No, I'm asking you, do you have anything concerning Elon? They had this and then they had a crackdown.
I'll just make it short because Braden doesn't have it. I told you he's been busy; math has really been hitting him hard.
He's trying to get finished with his math and he's studying for a test.
But Elon Musk's office complex and everything was raided in Europe today at his X facility.
Now they went in—I don't know exactly what they did, but I guess they took his computers and went through his stuff. And so it's a big deal. I saw major lawsuits coming.
This is what the Lord showed us: major lawsuits concerning Germany, Italy, France, and England concerning X, and even Finland and some of these other places.
I saw a crackdown on his platform, and they would ban it and say, 'Hey, we don't want it.'And it would bring an attempt to censor it so much that you're not allowed to use it.
Now it's happening just like the Lord showed us. Do you have that clip?
I know I'm throwing a lot at you tonight. I'm sorry. Okay, this is all over the place tonight and I'm sorry about that.
This happened today. I try to get to prayer. It's happening. So, there's a lot of things happening in Europe.
Now, I don't know all the stuff about this sexual stuff on there, but I'm just telling you I saw persecution coming.
And so rightfully so—if it's perverted, rightfully so. I mean, you know, I don't understand all that. All I saw was that it would affect the money.
So regardless of how it's happening or why it's happening, rightfully so that it happens, but it's coming against him nevertheless.
So it's not justifying it because that's wrong—I mean for what she's saying if there's something with Grok, right?
So good for them for busting on him; I am just saying. But it is still persecution.
Is that the word to use? Persecution is when you are doing something right, isn't it?
There is something coming against him, though. It is what I saw, what the Lord showed us.
It is an escalation of that, and it will keep getting worse and worse to the point where I saw England, Italy, and all over Europe, like Germany, coming against this.
We are seeing that happen. If that happens and it comes, I saw it spreading into America, and that is where the Watergate scandal comes out of, just like in the vision.
Part of the vision is already happening; it is already starting to manifest.
If that part of the vision is the beginning of it, just like the Lord told us it would spread and cause a Watergate scandal for blackmail in the days ahead against the Trump administration, then part of it is happening.
We do not want the rest of it happening. Does that make sense?
When he showed me that, I thought, 'That is what I saw in the vision.'Now, will it keep unfolding or will the body of Christ intervene and pray for this?
We do not want another wrong. That is why I had Nixon, and I said Nixon 2028 was on the thing. It has all spun out of this.
What happened in Europe flowed into America, which brought blackmail because of finances and bringing X down.
But I saw X would stay strong against the social media censorship; it would not be censored as much, and there would be more freedom of speech in the days ahead that they would want to try to eliminate.
Now, concerning Facebook, Instagram, and all these others because of the election in 2028, I think it is interesting.
We are seeing first fruits, is what I believe. I thought we would just keep praying into that.
Jerome Powell will be looking for another job. It already says he needs a new job in 2026.
It is so funny. We will see what happens. Well, let's pray. Who wants to pray for a little bit? I hope this video isn't terrible.
I told Braden to have these little clips up and we would pray, but after you get persecuted so much, it takes the energy out of you and you say, 'I'm doing the best I can here.'Are you ready?
Okay. Father, we just lift up this time before You. We are so grateful that You would even visit us.
We are so thankful, Father, and we thank You for that peace that passes all understanding.
In all that we say in word and in deed, Lord, we give all the glory to You.
Now, Father, we lift up our president before You and all that we have seen concerning this week to pray over his safety and to pray over the valley of decision.
Where is he at right now, God? In his heart towards You, I don't know, but You do. We pray that the heart of the king is in the hand of the Lord.
He is not a king; he is a president, but he is the one who is the leader over our nation.
Lord, we lift him up before You so that he makes good, godly decisions that make You pleased and proud.
May You say, 'Well done, Trump. Well done,'not 'You messed up.'We thank You, Father, that You would undergird him right now. We undergird him. The church prays for him.
Father, may he come underneath Your wing—not that You would undergird him, but we undergird him as the church praying for him.
Wrap Your wing around him, Father, and may he be close to Your heart.
May he take no counsel from the ungodly. May his mind, Father, be stayed on You.
May he consider You in every single decision he makes and inquire of the Lord.
Just like David, Lord, he inquired of You in all the decisions he made.
He went before You and said, 'Lord, can we go after the Philistines?'You said no or yes or it is not time.
In everything David did, he inquired of You. Even when David messed up, he was quick to repent.
He was a man after Your own heart. I believe, Father, as we pray over President Trump right now, that we can change things.
Where pride sets in, if we humble ourselves, Father, I believe that You will exalt us in due time, just like Your Word says.
Father, may we be placed where we need to be placed as we humble ourselves before You.
Father, I lift up President Trump right now, that he does not have an arrogant heart.
May he stay humble before You. May his eyes be flooded with light because he gets into the Word.
I ask for godly counsel around him that would always point him back to Scripture, the Word of God, showing him where we are in these end times and the seriousness and urgency of the hour.
I thank You, Father, that his mind is not given to reprobate thinking, but that his mind is fixed and stayed on You.
When he is in the midnight hour, alone in his room, may his mind be on You, thinking, 'Father, would You help me?
God, would You help me lead this nation?'instead of thinking he is on his own.
May he realize the hand of the Lord is on him. As we pray for him, I thank You, Father, that he humbles himself under You.
Create in him a clean heart. Father, make him upright before You.
I pray over his marriage today. I pray that his marriage is strong. With all the pressure, I am sure it has been rough.
I ask You, Father, to make their marriage stronger, that he and Melania would get along and that there would be no strife.
For where there is strife, there is confusion and every evil work.
I ask You, Father, to make his marriage greater than it has ever been, and let it not be a financial arrangement, but let there be love there again.
There are so many opinions about things people have no idea about. But Father, I ask for Barron to be protected.
I ask for Ivanka, Don Jr., Eric, Tiffany, Kai, and all the grandkids to have a hedge around them, that a thousand should fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
We apply the blood of Jesus over those children. I thank You, Father, that no weapon formed against them shall prosper.
I thank You that they will live long and finish strong. Now, I see about the Arab nation giving the Trump administration, the boys, 500 million dollars for their crypto.
Lord, we already know what You said about their crypto—that You were going to double and triple their wealth.
It is very interesting where we are right now. Lord, we just have to stay in a place of prayer and trust that You have all this.
Let there be no fraud; let things be done legally and right. Let there be no accusations or open doors.
We do not need any more drama. The political theater that You showed us will be diffused.
There is a flow of the Holy Ghost because people are doing the right things.
We steer the ship in prayer. We can steer this thing in prayer by who we are. As he is, so are we in this world.
That's why I keep drilling this and telling you all: you have the ability as sons and daughters of the Most High God to change things through the power of prayer.
Don't allow the enemy to try to tell you that you're just a weak, no-good-for-nothing, whatever.
No, I'm a child of the King. I'm created in his image. We can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
Greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world. A thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but nothing shall come near me.
You either believe it or you don't. And if you're a believing believer that has a backbone like a crowbar, you're going to be willing and we are able.
He is able. He has made us able to take the land. And I believe the best is yet to come.
Yes, we see the valley of decision and we know what the Lord told us concerning President Trump and his life.
The Lord Jesus stood right here and he told me the decisions he makes in the next couple weeks will be the make-or-break of his presidency.
I took it whenever he said that. He said, "I will hold the church accountable for how they prayed for him."It's our job as a church to pray for our president.
I had so many people say, "Well, why would you pray for him? Let him go.
We'll get somebody else that's better."Are you kidding me?
We have a lot of ignorant people in this world. It's our job to pray.
I believe with all my heart that God has appointed President Trump for such a time as this.
And we will protect him with prayer, and he will live long and finish his assignment that God has called him to do.
I don't believe there is a better person for the job. I don't.
But the Lord said it will be an open door of pride that would do this.
This would be an open door to kill, steal, and destroy the things the Lord has told him to do to go on the right side.
The enemy is waiting in the trenches saying, "Listen, how do we take him out of his path?
What opens the door? Disobedience opens doors. Pride opens doors.
There's lots of things that will try to open the door."Is it always just about death? No.
It's even impeachment, not having the right red wave in November and having an impeachment in 2027 or 2028 because of losing the Senate and the House.
There's a lot here and there's a lot to lose. The church needs to wake up and we have a revival.
The only thing that's going to save America is an awakening unto God.
The Lord said, "They have put their eyes on Trump as the savior of America, Brandon, and I'm the only one that will save America."A revival is the only thing. "I've given you a reprieve.
What will you do with this reprieve?"But even with this reprieve, the valley of decision and the decisions he makes as the head of this nation, as basically the leader of the free world, as far as what makes or breaks the world, is how America goes, how Israel goes.
And this is all what's happening. I want to show you this clip from Lindsey Graham today.
Now, I don't necessarily agree with everything this man always says, but I agreed with what he said here.
I believe this is the clip. Play that right now and then we'll go right to prayer. We're going to take communion. We're going to pray.
But this is interesting what he says: "If this regime is still standing the day after, if we put years of chaos, I have every confidence that President Trump will do what he promised to the people.
Help is on the way. Keep protesting. If this regime falls, Hamas, Hezbollah, the Houthis, they all go.
It'd be the biggest change since the fall of the Berlin Wall.
But here's one thing I know: Donald Trump is Ronald Reagan plus, in my mind, Venezuela, soon Cuba.
The one thing you can't do as president: talk like Reagan and act like Obama.
There's no deal to be done here. These people are not trustworthy.
The protesters in the street are not protesting for a better nuclear deal. They're protesting for a better life.
And if they win the day, we have a chance to have friends with the people of Iran.
The Ayatollah will never be our friend. He's a religious Nazi.
President Trump, you said help is on the way. That has to be real.
It has to be real soon. Do it, Mr. President. The people of Iran are begging you to be on their side.
You have done it so well. You are Reagan plus. This is the defining moment in your presidency.
Stand by the people. The Ayatollah falls. The region changes bigger than the fall of the Berlin Wall.
No more international terrorists. This regime has American blood on its hands since 1979.
You got the Houthis. You got Hezbollah killing Americans. Bring this regime down because the people want it down.
You don't have to invade the country. But help on the way means military strikes against the infrastructure that is killing the Iranian people.
Go after the ones who are killing the people. Put this regime on notice.
We're never going to let up. Strangle their economy. It will fall.
The people will take over. And over time, we will have a friend in Iran, not an enemy. Hezbollah, Hamas, the Houthis, all fall.
The biggest thing you could possibly ever do to the Middle East is take this regime down.
And they're as weak as they've ever been since 1979. Mr. President, you can do it.
I hope you will do it. And if you do, this is Reagan plus."Okay.
So, do you remember every time I told you I saw Reagan divided in his face?
Trump was on half. Reagan was on half. And I saw the Berlin Wall.
And this was the defining moment every single time. This is exactly what I saw in the spirit.
This was a Reagan moment. We've prayed over this since this time last year.
We've been praying since he just first got into power. And the Lord said he will be like a Reagan. Pray over him. He will bring the wall down.
And I saw, "Bring that wall down."And I heard, "Gorbachev, bring that wall down."I heard Ronald Reagan speaking through Trump, which I thought was interesting.
And then Lindsey Graham is saying the exact same thing I saw in the spirit, but he's saying it in the natural.
But I thought, isn't that powerful what he just said? Because that's what I saw about Ronald Reagan. And then I saw liberation coming to Cuba.
I saw he would be a person that would go into Cuba and free the Cuban people to have freedom of religion to do the things that they needed to do because they were underneath a dictator.
The same with Kim Jong-un, that the days of Kim Jong-un are coming to an end.
The Lord said, "I'm getting rid of the Pillsbury Doughboy."You say, "Well, I don't believe he talks that way."He talks that way to me.
It's a personal relationship with me. God talks to you how he wants to talk to you.
He talks to me like a friend. He's going to get rid of Kim Jong-un.
He's going to get rid of his sister. He said, "I'm getting rid of the tyrants.
And there will be a great revival in North Korea. That will be a small window because the military will try to rein it in. There'll be shaking in China.
There'll be shaking."And he said, "Pray a dome of protection over Taiwan because in the days ahead, they'll try to take the land.
But if you hold it back, you can hold things back through prayer.
You don't realize who you are, church. You don't realize the authority that you have.
You don't realize what God has given you as a child of the Most High God."When was this clip?
I think you talked about it again, but this is July, though I think the original one was around April or something.
Eighty percent say they want prayer for their sleep. Restful sleep.
I just feel it in my heart; this is something very strong when I'm hitting it: restful, peaceful sleep.
Good night. Just that peace. Father, I thank You. You can find scriptures that pertain to restful sleep.
You find those and read them before you go to bed. I feel it. Read those scriptures and meditate on them.
"I have restful sleep.""He gives His beloved sweet, restful sleep."That's scripture.
Did you find it? I believe it's in Psalms. I read that a lot. Always restful, peaceful sleep.
Then anoint your head. I got this from Billy Burke, but get scripture. Apply that scripture to your mind.
You can get olive oil, which represents the blood, and anoint your pillow, your head, your headboard, and the bottom of your mattress.
Bind the devil and say, "Get out of here! You won't torment my sleep anymore."What is it? Psalms?
I don't believe it's that one, but this one: "It is vain for you to rise up early, to sit up late, to eat the bread of sorrows; for so He gives His beloved sleep."That's it.
"For so He gives His beloved sleep. Restful sleep."That's the New King James Version. Try the NLT there.
See what that one says: "It is useless for you to work so hard from early morning until late at night, anxiously working for food to eat; for God gives rest to His loved ones."That's better.
Well, either way, you can say He gives rest to His loved ones. I claim that right there.
"In peace I will lie down and sleep, for You alone, Lord, make me dwell in safety."I like that one.
That's a good one. Psalm 4:8. "In peace, I will lie down and sleep."Did somebody help you find that one?
I like that. In peace, I will lie down and sleep, for You alone, Lord, make me dwell in safety.
You don't have to worry about it. God is God. I'm just in that safe place.
So, to those who are being tormented, stand on that: "In peace, I will lie down and sleep."If you don't find scripture that pertains to what you're believing for, you're not going to get anywhere.
You have to find the word to back what you're believing and what the word says.
That's him just googling it right there. All it takes is a little Google.
Thank God for Google; it's quick. You go in there and look for scriptures on sleep, peace, or joy.
I will not be tormented in the night. I will not be tormented in my day.
Find whatever you're looking for: protection over my kids, protection over their minds.
Like I just talked about Daniel, it says how he was excelled above all his peers because he was right before the Lord.
So I was believing for Braden; he excelled above his peers. Why not me? Why not you?
If God did it for Daniel, how much more would He do it for our kids so that they're not lagging in their SATs and their PSATs or whatever?
I'm going to be the best at it. When I take my tests to go to college, I'm going to be top in the class.
They're going to say, "Hey, we want you here."Especially OU. It's a good school. That's where Diana went.
I think this is where a lot of people miss it: they try to operate outside of the Word of God while expecting results.
You can't do anything apart from Him. In everything you do, you have to bring Him in.
When you do everything His way, your way is going to be straight and perfect, especially when it comes to sleep and health.
I'm saying do this concerning your finances, your marriage, the health of your children, and your relationship with your kids.
Especially if they're living under your roof. If they're not, it's a different thing.
Follow along with the kids under your roof. Don't worry; the Bible says leave and cleave.
Some "Sister Clipboards"try to be helicopter moms. Don't be a helicopter mom.
It is what it is. Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your blood that covers these people tonight. We call for their marriages to be stronger.
Father, I thank You for godly marriages, that they are strong, that there is the Proverbs 31 woman, and that the husband honors his wife as Christ loved the church and gave Himself for it.
Father, I thank You that men will honor their wives so their prayers won't be hindered.
How they treat their wives is in the Word. Father, we lift up every single person here for their marriages to be stronger.
When they look back at the end of this year, they'll say, "We're better off than we've ever been.
Our marriage is stronger than it's ever been."There's peace in their marriages.
They keep the strife out, for where there is strife, there is confusion and every evil work.
We thank You, Lord, that they'll pray together. A marriage that prays together stays together.
If it wasn't for Diana and me, I'm so thankful we pray together and read the Bible.
Today, getting in the Word and finding scripture, she reads to me a lot because I've overcome things with that.
Diana reads a lot to me, and I'm so thankful. It's something I would recommend: if you don't read well, or even if you do, have your spouse read to you.
There's intimacy in it. I enjoy it when she says, "I'm going to read these books to you today."I listen, and it feeds my spirit and hers.
She was reading Corrie ten Boom, I think, today. What was it?
Corrie ten Boom's Holocaust book. God put it on her heart to read that today.
I don't really like that book that much; it makes me sad. But there are miracles in there.
Braden didn't want to hear it either; he put his headphones on and said, "I'm studying.
I'm tired."Father, we thank You, Lord. I was going to pray earlier today, but I got home late and my flesh was tired.
But I'm doing this now. Father, I thank You that the anointing comes in.
It's been dry, and I'm pushing through, but I'm going to grab a hold of it.
When it's dry, it's like going through the Mojave Desert, but you keep pushing and grab a hold of it.
Even with the persecution I received today, I'm not moved by what people say.
Regardless of what folks say in their emails, you've got to shake it off.
Don't let the naysayers pull you down because most of them aren't doing anything for God anyway.
Most people don't get nobody saved. They are the ones that criticize the most from the peanut gallery.
I always say, well, after a while, it tries to get to you a little bit and then you go, 'Okay, I'll shake it off.'Go get a nice cup of coffee and just sit down and rejoice.
But even then, it tries to pull you. I've learned this; I'm learning this.
The more you focus on them, the more it tries to affect your hearing.
So you've got to keep your eyes on Him and not what all the peanut gallery says.
It tries to throw you off, and it's not always easy to do. I'm learning that.
I appreciate y'all's prayers concerning it because I get really ticked off sometimes and I just go, 'Well, you know what?
It is what it is.'If you want a Bible and emailed us for one, you have to tell us your address.
Diana doesn't have the time to email all of you back and say, 'Can you give me your address?'for the new believers—we're so excited you want one—and there's over 200 of them that don't have an address for it.
Then Amazon kicked us off because they said we're doing dropshipping.
They kicked us out of our account and wouldn't let us back in.
We weren't, either; we're just trying to send people Bibles.
But we found out you can't send people Bibles that way anymore.
They got mad at us because we sent out so many lately. So, that's another thing we're working on.
It's been very interesting for us. Diana said, 'Well, we lost our Amazon account.'So, it is what it is.
We're working something else out. I don't want to waste all your time.
I'm sorry. I should try, Braden. But I can worship for a little bit and see what happens with that.
I believe with all my heart He's always the ever-present help in a time of need. But when you're dealing with flesh, that's what happens.
You have to push above it, and you rise above it and shake it off—the daze and all the things that you go through.
It's just the realness of it. That's why I told you I don't have control over the gift. When it's there, it's there; when it's not, it's not.
Whenever He's there and you can feel Him and that cloak comes on, and whenever it's not, it's just like touching a cold stove.
You just stir yourself up, but it's just the realness of everything.
I think sometimes people think that you walk around just talking to angels all the time and the Holy Ghost choir and all that stuff.
I think people come around me and they say, 'We want you just to touch us.'I'm like, 'You're out of your mind.'I don't have anything; it's all Him.
He comes and visits when He wants. He speaks when He wants. I don't have control over any of it.
I just go in, I pray in my shower, I seek Him, I read my Bible, and I have a relationship with Him.
But when He turns it on, He turns it on. If He doesn't, it's just like this.
You feel so vulnerable. What do you do, especially when you have 7,000 people looking at you?
And the Lord said, 'This is humility. Just do what you do, boy.'Okay?
If He wants to show up, fine. If He doesn't, then it's just Brandon, and Brandon is just Brandon.
When He puts His 'super'on my 'natural,'I can see a long way.
But until then, it isn't anything. People say, 'You got things in your ear.
You're an idiot.'I don't have anything in my ear, stupid. I'm just praying just like you do until He puts the glory on you.
It's crazy, isn't it? But that's what it is. Father, I thank You, Lord.
In all that we say in word and in deed, Lord, we give all to the glory of God.
And we're so thankful, Father, that You choose us and You chose us for such a time as this.
Oh, the glory of Your presence. We, Your people, give You reverence. So arise from Your rest and be blessed by our praise.
This is another song that I was singing today: 'What a friend we have in Jesus, all our sins and griefs to bear.
What a privilege to carry everything to God in prayer. Oh, what peace we often forfeit; oh, what needless pain we bear.
All because we do not carry everything to God in prayer.'I like that one.
It was in my heart when I was looking out the window today. 'Have we trials and temptations? Is there trouble anywhere?
We should never be discouraged; take it to the Lord in prayer.'I don't even know those verses; I don't remember singing those in the church we did when I was a kid.
Oh Father, we worship You, for You are good. You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like You. There is no one else like You. For You are great; You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like You. There is no one else like You. You deserve the glory and the honor.
Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless Your holy name.
For You are great; You do miracles so great. There is no one else like You.
There is no one else like You. There it is. See, you just need a little song.
Thank You, Lord. I start to feel it. Isn't that it? Do you see?
It starts to shift the atmosphere. It's dry—going through the Mojave Desert. I can feel it; it's like you can feel nothing.
But the moment I start singing and worshipping Him, He starts to fill my house up.
I should have known that at the beginning. How slow can you be?
Come on, Brandon. You've been doing this for years; jump in the river.
But then when you're in front of all these people, a lot of times you just have a brain-dead moment.
But it's all in how you worship Him. When you give Him praise and glory, He'll fill your house up.
It's just giving Him place. You start singing Him songs: 'Holy, holy, holy are You, Lord.
Holy, holy, holy are You, Lord. The elders and angels bow; the redeemed, they worship You now.
Holy, holy, holy are You, Lord.'You are holy, holy. We praise and give You glory.
We magnify You, Lord. We exalt Your name. What was the song we sang on Sunday, son?
That was so good at church. Do you remember? I don't remember it, but I remember it flowed. I could feel His presence so strong in church on Sunday.
I heard them singing at John Kilpatrick's church, too, before when I watched the Prophetic Remnant.
I was trying to find the tune of it. That one, 'Shout Your Name.'Yeah.
Our hearts will cry, these bones will sing, 'Great are You, Lord.
And all the earth will shout Your praise.'Our hearts will cry.
These bones will sing. Great are you, Lord. It's your breath in our lungs.
So we pour out our praise. I believe that's it. Father, we thank you, Lord.
Great are you, Lord. Father, we give you praise. Our hearts will cry.
These bones will sing. Great are you, Lord. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise.
I have to look up the words, but I remember that song when they were singing it.
The glory filled the whole church. You can feel it. You don't have to look it up, buddy.
I'm waiting on him. When I start to feel it now, it's burning in my stomach.
I can feel it turning. They all want to know how you get there so quick.
It's not quick. It is a stirring and it takes time. You say, 'Well, it's been two hours, Brandon.'No, I was wrong.
The first hour, you can feel it. And when you start praying and you start stirring yourself up, that's how you jump in that river.
You don't get there by a microwave. Now, some days it's easier than others, but most people think it's a microwave.
It is not a microwave. It is a slow cooker. You're waiting on him.
And he's waiting for you to just die to self. The more you die to self, the more he's alive in you.
And it is not a switch. It takes time of cultivation. You give life.
You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope.
You restore every heart that is broken. And great are you, Lord.
It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs.
So we pour out our praise to you only, God. Great are you, Lord.
You just moved it too fast. I couldn't read it that fast. Ask me if it was the right word.
That's the right one, son. You moved that thing so fast. I was like, 'Well, I'm done.'I'll have to read it.
It's your breath in our lungs, so we pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs.
So we pour out our praise to you, holy God. Great are you, Lord.
And then you have to go down. And then all the earth will shout your praise.
Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Which one? I don't remember.
It's all right. Skip. Because you're here. It's your breath, always gives life, your love to darkness.
It's still a beautiful song. I'll get it down better and then I'll sing it.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for your blood. Always go back to the blood.
Always go back. I always magnify God and praise for the blood. Thank you for the blood. Thank you for your presence.
Thank you, Father, that you inhabit the praises of your people, Lord.
We give you praise and glory. We stand at your feet. We sit at your feet. We magnify you.
We give you glory, honor, and praise, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
Blessed are you, Lord, for you inhabit the praises of your people. And we're so grateful.
We're so thankful for all that you've done and all that you continue to do.
We magnify you. We glorify you. We thank you, Father. Now, that's interesting.
See, when you guys started doing that, I saw a vision and I saw an eagle. It's the eagle that flies high. You see, it had a...
you know, whenever you see the eagle and its back goes like this, but this time he had his wings and he was pushing up.
It's the worship teachable moments. I think, like I said, I think the Lord...
because I asked him and said, 'What is it about today?'He said, 'Humble yourself.'This is it.
Stripping off all the stuff and all the stuff going on there.
Teach people. Again, another lesson. Teach people. This strips you because that's where he's at.
We talk about where we are. Humble yourself. Humble yourself underneath the mighty hand of God.
Finding songs to sing. My favorites are just Kim Clement. I was looking for it.
I listen to it over and over again. This is usually what takes me right into the river.
Hold that one note to everybody all over the world. Sing that one note.
Beautiful. This is what I talk about when I say you find the vein.
This is what I do. You have to find the vein. It's like finding it when they draw your blood.
It's like finding a vein in the spirit. When you hit it and you go down that river, this is when it carries you.
But you've got to find it first. You don't just jump in it. A lot of times what you see on this is he's already waiting.
This is what I do in my own time and listen to Kim. This is how I do it.
Now, most of you maybe are veterans and you're saying, 'Well, Brandon, you're doing it wrong.'But this is how I do it.
And there's a lot of babies on here. You find it. You worship.
Soul of my soul, life of my life. Worship the Lord. Beautiful.
Do you want to go to the mountain? We shake it off. Do you want to go to the mountain of the Lord?
There is a place for those who are thirsty in the mountain of the Lord.
Do you want to go to the mountain of the Lord? There is a place for those who are lonely in the mountain of the Lord.
Everybody watching, no matter what nation you're at, you're welcome.
We have come to Zion, the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusalem.
We have come to God, the judge of all. The spirits have just been made perfect. We have come to an innumerable company of angels.
We have come to the general assembly in the church of the firstborn whose names are in heaven.
We have come to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant and to the blood of sprinkling that speaks of better things than that of Abel.
Come on, let's lift our hands. Glorify the Lord. I can hear your voice.
I can touch your face. There is a place of mercy in the mountain of the Lord.
Your presence, there is a place for those who are lonely. Sing it again.
I can hear your voice. I'm alone. I can hear the mountain of the Lord.
I can touch your face. There is a place for those who are in the mountain of the Lord.
I can feel the mountain of your blessing. There is a place. I said there is a place in the cleft of the Lord.
I just love his ministry of all the people that... whenever he knew how to hit those...
when he started to worship and you could feel the vein every single time I listen to him, I just go, 'My goodness.'I try to, you know, whenever there's nights like this, to lead by example, an example of teaching you how.
It's just awkward because if it was private, I know it's a lot easier for me to do that whenever I know the certain things that I would sing that are private to me.
But bringing it to you because there's so many of you that think it's just something you just...
the critics don't get it because they're never going to walk in it anyway. 99% of them will never walk in that place.
But there are some of you that are so desperate that you want it so bad that you really truly want a relationship with the Lord. Not what Brandon has, but just your own thing.
And I'm trying to teach you by example, by what I do by finding the books, finding things, and you grasp on to it, and this is how you pull yourself out of even this dry season.
I haven't been dry all day. It just was weird. This is weird what happened.
But getting in that place of that refreshing of where you cultivate his presence, out of your belly shall flow rivers of living waters and you bring yourself up by your bootstraps and not be moved by what you see or what you feel, by just being authentic and real, Father.
And most people will quit and they don't let it go because they have seasons of dryness and they think, 'Well, if this is what it is, I get tired.'You're always looking at your watch: 'How long have I been in prayer today?
How long have I been doing this? Is he really there?'And regardless of what I feel right now, even with all you sitting here in my living room, I'm not moved by what I see or what I feel.
That's where you pull yourself out of that. Faith is not a feeling. Faith is an act.
Faith doesn't have to be the glory and you seeing things and the holy angel choir and all that you feel.
Faith is an act. I refuse to be moved by my flesh. I move by what the spirit is.
And he said he inhabits the praises of his people. And he's always there.
He's never left me. He's never forsaken me. Lo, unto the end of the earth, he said he'd be with us always.
And either you have a mindset of that and you realize it, or you don't. It's not a feeling. Prayer comes out of...
sometimes I hear a lady say to me, 'Brandon, I don't see anything when I pray; I just pray.'Who said you were ever going to?
Blessed are those that have not seen, yet still believe. And so you just keep pushing on. Does that make sense what I'm saying, son?
Because I try to make it where it's not so—where there's so many people always trying to parrot it, where you find your own.
But even when you see—this is a struggle versus just authentic, like it was last time when I felt like the glory of the Lord showed up in the whole house and I could feel it was tangible.
You know, does that make sense? Yes. I try to make sense instead, because when I'm talking and leading these people, how you push through it.
So then you go back in; I start worshiping and you sit there, and that's why I say sometimes I sit there for five hours and nothing.
You feel like you've been there for five hours, and I'll be sitting at my dryer.
Usually I sit by my dryer because I'm doing laundry, helping Diana with laundry, and I sit there for an hour, five hours, nothing.
It's like—and then finally you'll hit it and you'll push over and you'll start to see.
And sometimes it'll be all day long, nothing. And you'll go, 'What?'And I'm just praying.
You just, 'Father, I just worship you.'And you're going, 'Are you ever going to show up?'I'm looking for that tug on the tugboat.
Help push me out of this. Help me. Let's do this together. Sometimes it's just instantaneously you just step right over in it.
But I have always learned: it's always different. And sometimes the more you cultivate, it's easier.
But even when I asked him today—I knew what he was saying, but I didn't realize it was going to be like this to this degree.
But when I was in there and I told him, he goes, 'I want you to show them by example, humble yourself.
Show them it's not always like that.'I said, 'Okay, I get it.'So hopefully it helps you.
I don't know if it does or not, but if it doesn't, then you say, 'Well, Brandon, this was a waste of time.'You just click out and go on.
But at least I can say I tried to teach you all as much as I can, and hopefully you're getting something out of it.
Find—that's when you find the scriptures that pertain to what you're believing for. You go through it.
And lately, I've been reading Jeremiah over and over and over, and how he went through things where it seemed like he was all alone, where it seemed like he was talking to people and they wanted to kill him for it.
They didn't like what he was saying. And the other false prophets were telling everybody everything was going to be great.
And here he was telling everybody that it's going to be judgment and all these other things coming.
And they're all telling, 'Oh, he's a false prophet.'And he was the only one—he was the voice crying in the wilderness—the only one saying what God told him to really say.
And they were ready to kill him for it. The kings hated him. And so, going over...
the Lord said, 'Read it again. Read it again. Go over things.'Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
And so I know reading Hebrews and going over that, stirring yourself up.
But not only that, but leading your family and finding a good church to go to, you pick yourself up.
You find your supplements of the word during the week and that's how you keep having a foundation of the word of God in your life because that's what's going to keep you strong, the meat of the word.
And then you bring in the drinking of the word of the Holy Spirit, is what I want to say.
And that's what hydrates you, and that's what you keep doing.
So in all that, I think that's just being real instead of trying to be fake.
So I guess we can end it. I've already taken an hour and 45 minutes of your time. I'm sorry. I don't control it. It is what it is.
When he wants to show us stuff and he wants to fill it and the vein's there, then you go with it.
Not you say, 'Well, I do it so much better than you.'Then you sit in front of 7,000 people and you tell them, 'I'll watch you; I'd like to learn.'I don't say I have it all down, right?
But it is what it is. I'll close it with that so that you all can go do what you want to do.
But we love you and we thank you for being here tonight and we're so grateful for every single one of you, especially putting up with that.
Hopefully it blessed you anyway. I don't know what to say other than that.
But we love you. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you and we love you.
And we'll see you again probably tomorrow, because I'll dig out of this and we'll get to the other place where we're supposed to be tomorrow.
I'll come back in the morning or whatever and see. But we'll see you then. God bless you all. Good night.